# Valkyrie 

Valkyrie is a Balatro mod heavily inspired by, you guessed it, Valkyrie Profile: Lenneth. This mod adds a few Jokers and consumables that are centered around Boss Blinds.


## What does this mod add?

- 4 Einherjars, which is a fancy term for Jokers with a unique rarity of the same name
- 4 PWS (Purify Weird Soul) cards, generated by the Einherjars
- 1 Booster Pack


## So how do Einherjars work?

- Einherjars cannot be obtained normally through shop selections nor Buffoon packs. Instead, they will be provided by the unique **Spiritual Concentration Pack** which appears right after defeating the first Boss Blind. The pack can reappear again in 1 in a 10 chance *(increased by the appropriate Joker)* after defeating subsequent Boss Blinds.
- Each Einherjar has the following:
  - An always active effect that will increase for every Boss Blind defeated
  - A unique PWS card associated with them


## How about the PWS cards?

- PWS cards are powerful consumables that can be generated by Einherjars during Boss Blinds. 
- To obtain them, play and score cards of suit associated with the Einherjar, which will charge them. Once their charge is full, the PWS card is generated and added to your consumable card area.
- They can only be obtained and used during a Boss Blind with its ability *not yet disabled.* Which means even if you have multiple Einherjars, you can only use one PWS for the entire round.
- Once used, they will disable the Boss Blind and have a secondary effect, unique to each PWS card.

## Other important things to note about Einherjars and PWS cards
- Einherjars will NOT charge their PWS on Small/Big Blinds, only on Boss Blinds.
- The Einherjars reset their charge back to 0 when the Boss Blind ends.
- Once an Einherjar generates their PWS card, they will not generate another one until the Boss Blind ends.
- PWS cards will be destroyed once the round ends, so they cannot be carried over to other rounds. (Maybe sell them before the round finishes, free money!)

## FAQs

### Are you planning to add more Einherjars and PWS cards?
- Maybe. Not sure with how I'll implement them, but I'm open to suggestions. There are a lot more available sprites, after all!
### I have a few ideas related to the mod/inspiration! Can I contribute?
- Definitely. I'm open to discussing suggestions over at the Balatro Discord, this mod should have its own thread there.
### Lenneth and Freya aren't Einherjars. Why are they classified like that?
- I just wanted to bunch them into a category that sounds fancy.
### PWS sounds weird. Why name the card type that?
- Exactly. I love how weird 'Purify Weird Soul' is.